HELM-325: Document Grafana datasource expressions - Flows (#424)
OpenNMS/opennms-helm: docs/modules/datasources/pages/flow_datasource.adoc

```
dscpOnExporterNodeAndInterface($node, $interface, $__from, $__to)
```

=== applications(<limit>)

> The `aplications()` query returns a list of all available applications. This function is intended to be used inside the Filter function `withApplications()` as a template variable if needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `aplications()` query returns a list of all available applications.
This function is intended for use inside the Filter function `withApplications()` as a template variable if needed.
```
separate line for each sentence.

> Currently this function accepts only a limit of records to be retrieved as argument if necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently this function accepts only a limit of records to be retrieved as argument if necessary.
```
Not clear on what is meant here. A "limited number of records"? It only retrieves records?

> NOTE: The application values retrieved come `as is` from `flows/applications/enumerate` API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: The application values retrieved come "as is" from the `flows/applications/enumerate` API.
```

> .Examples variable expression

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Examples: variable expression
```

* applications()  
* applications(1000)  

> .Usage with filter function withApplications()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Use with filter function withApplications()
```

* withApplications($applications)

=== conversations(<application>,<location>,<protocol>,<limit>)

> The `conversations()` query returns a list of all available conversations. This function is intended to be used inside the Filter function `withConversation()` as a template variable if needed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `conversations()` query returns a list of all available conversations.
This function is intended for use inside the Filter function `withConversation()` as a template variable if needed. 
```

Currently this function accepts the following arguments: 

[options="header, %autowidth"]
|===
| Position  | Argument                      | Description                               | Default
| 1         | application (optional)        | application expression                    | ".*"
| 2         | location (optional)           | location expression                       | ".*"
| 3         | protocol (optional)           | protocol expression                       | ".*"

> | last      | limit (optional)              | limit number of records retrieved.        | 25

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| last      | limit (optional)              | limit number of records retrieved        | 25
```

|===

> .Examples variable expression

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Examples: variable expression
```

Get all conversations (will return a maximum of 25 records).

* conversations()  

Get all conversations and return a maximum of 10 records.

* conversations(10)  

Get all conversations with application app0 and return a maximum of 10 records.

* conversations(app0, 10) 

> Get all conversations with app0 under Default location and return a maximum of 10 records.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get all conversations with app0 under default location and return a maximum of 10 records.
```

* conversations(app0, Default, 10)  

> Get all conversations with app0 under Default location with http protocol and return a maximum of 10 records.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get all conversations with app0 under default location with http protocol and return a maximum of 10 records.
```

* conversations(app0, Default, http, 10)  

> Get all conversations with application that start with app under location that start with Def and protocols http and https.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get all conversations with applications that start with app under locations that start with Def and protocols http and https.
```

* conversations(app.\*, Def.\*, http.*, 1000)  

.Usage with filter function withConversation()
* withConversation($conversations)

NOTE: The conversations values retrieved come `as is` from `flows/conversations/enumerate` API.

=== hosts(<pattern>,<limit>)

> The `hosts()` query returns a list of all available hosts. This function is intended to be used inside the Filter function `withHost()` as a template variable if needed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `hosts()` query returns a list of all available hosts.
This function is intended for use inside the Filter function `withHost()` as a template variable if needed. 
```

Currently this function accepts the following arguments:

[options="header, %autowidth"]
|===
| Position  | Argument                      | Description                               | Default
| 1         | pattern (optional)            | host expression                           | ".*"
| last      | limit (optional)              | limit number of records retrieved.        | 25
|===

> .Examples variable expression

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Examples: variable expression
```

Get all hosts ( will return a maximum of 25 records).

* hosts()  

Get all hosts and return a maximum of 10 records.

* hosts(10)  

Get all hosts that match the pattern 192.168.0.* and return a maximum of 10 records.

* hosts(192.168.0.*, 10)  

> .Usage with filter function withHost()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Use with filter function withHost()
```
